Hey, I'm Jess. I'm Warp's developer
advocate, and today I'm going to teach
you how to master the code review panel
so you can stay in the flow better while
coding. I'm working on a repo called AI
Observe, which is just a small project I
built to visualize how tokens are
calculated in AI models. It shows you
how your text input gets broken down
into tokens, how many are used in a
request, and helps developers understand
what that means in terms of the cost and
model usage. I hacked this together in
about 1 hour over the weekend. So, you
can see the web app is still pretty
rough. Like here, the hover text is
black on a dark gray background, making
it hard to read. Let's walk through how
I'd fix that using Warp. I'll start by
asking Warp directly, can you update
this hover text so it's easier for me to
read against the background. I'll even
attach an image to make it clearer. Then
I'll kick off the agent process and Warp
will start to generate code diffs with
all the proposed changes. Now, this is
great, but for larger changes, it can be
hard to see all the files that have been
touched, and I don't want to constantly
have to scroll back up through the UI to
find them. So that's where the new code
review panel comes in. I can click this
view changes button at the top left or
the get dirty chip in my input to open
up my code review panel. Now know that
these only work if you're within a repo.
In my code review panel, I can see how
many files are in the open change, how
many lines of code have been added or
deleted, all the different code diffs
that have been made, and I can open up
this panel, which gives me a more
structured breakdown of all the files
that have been touched with their edited
line count. Now, if I want to dive
deeper, I can open a file directly in
Warp's built-in editor. It's a
lightweight editor with syntax
highlighting, search and replace, and
basic editing tools. For example, I'll
tweak the color schema here
and then save. When I go back, the
change is already reflected in my code
diff panel. And I can verify that I do
see that change reflected in my app as
well. Now, let's say I want this hover
style applied consistently across the
app, not just this one file. I can
prompt Warp to componentize the hover
effect so that the new color schema is
applied anywhere a hover UI appears. And
I can add the diff that I just created
as context to my prompt. And you'll see
that it sites the diff like this. Now
once the agent finishes, I can go into
the file tree, see the new component
that's been generated, and click into it
to do a quick gut check. The agent named
it the tool tip component. It handles
the mouse event correctly, and it seems
to persist the UI and color schema that
I created.
Looks good to me. And once I'm happy
with the changes, I can go ahead and
commit and push directly from the panel.
The panel then resets into its zero
state, letting me know that there's no
open changes. And you can click here to
quickly see the diffs between your
current branch and main. The warp code
review panel makes reviewing, editing,
and committing changes faster and more
intuitive. I do like to keep this panel
open while coding because it gives me a
live overview of everything that's
happening in my repo without really
having to switch tools or lose focus.
Give it a try and see how it changes the
way you code.